After the entertainment,
there'll be sandwiches.
But remember, if there are no lots
sold, there will be no sandwiches.
Florida, folks... sunshine, sunshine.
Perpetual sunshine all the year around.
Let's get the auction started
before we get a tornado.
Right this way.
Step forward, everybody.
Friends, you are now in Cocoanut Manor,
one of the finest cities in Florida.
Of course, we still need a few
finishing touches, but who doesn't?
This is the heart of the residential district.
Every lot is a stone's throw from the station.
As soon as they throw enough stones,
we're gonna build a station.
800 wonderful residences
will be built right here.
Why, they're as good as up.
Better.